In this challenge we will look at the basics of TFTP server reconnaissance. Please start the lab and answer the following questions:

Questions

TFTP service running on which port?
What commands can be used to connect to TFTP service using TFTP client and  list all available commands.
What command can be used to check the current state?
What command can be used to set the verbose mode on.
What command can be used to download the “flag” file from the TFTP server.
What command can be used to set the packet trace on? Download the “flag” file from the TFTP server to observe the difference with trace on.
What command can be used to upload a PHP file to the TFTP server.
Find out if any of the files present in file list /usr/share/metasploit-framework/data/wordlists/tftp.txt are present on the TFTP server using suitable metasploit module. List the files found.
Put a file router.bin file on the TFTP server using suitable metasploit module.
Instructions: 


This lab is dedicated to you! No other users are on this network :) 
Once you start the lab, you will have access to a root terminal of a Kali instance
Your Kali has an interface with IP address 192.X.Y.Z. Run "ip addr" to know the values of X and Y.
The Target machine should be located at the IP address 192.X.Y.3. 
Do not attack the gateway located at IP address 192.X.Y.1

Answers:
Q1. TFTP service running on which port?
A. 69

Q2. What commands can be used to connect to TFTP service using TFTP client and  list all available commands.
A.  tftp
     connect 192.13.185.3
     ? 

Q3. What command can be used to check the current state?
A. status

Q4. What command can be used to set the verbose mode on.
A. verbose

Q5. What command can be used to download the “flag” file from the TFTP server.
A. get flag

Q6. What command can be used to set the packet trace on? Download the “flag” file from the TFTP server to observe the difference with trace on.
A. trace

Q7. What command can be used to upload a PHP file to the TFTP server.
A. put test.php

Q8. Find out if any of the files present in file list /usr/share/metasploit-framework/data/wordlists/tftp.txt are present on the TFTP server using suitable metasploit module. List the files found.
A. 46xxupgrade.scr, boot.bin, default.cfg

Q9. Put a file router.bin file on the TFTP server using suitable metasploit module.
A. Use tftp_transfer_util metasploit module
