CTF Scenario:
This lab is dedicated to you! No other users are on this network :) 
Once you start the lab, you will have access to a Kali GUI instance.
Your Kali has an interface with IP address 192.X.Y.Z. Run "ip addr" to know the values of X and Y.
The target server should be located at the IP address 192.X.Y.3. 
The target server has 2 user accounts of interest: root, www-data
Do not attack the gateway located at IP address 192.X.Y.1 
You can use all tools installed in Kali to complete this lab
We have also installed additional tools under the folder /root/tools. These might come in handy during this or other CTFs on AttackDefense. 


Flags:
This lab has 3 Flags to be collected
The Flags can be identified by the strings: FLAG2, FLAG3
The above Flag labels will be part of filenames on the target system 
FLAG1 is the web application admin's cookie value. The name of the cookie is "admin"

first is to get my ip address so we can get the IP of the server
ip addr = shows my ip as 192.11.33.2/24 meaning the server to attack should be 192.11.33.3/24
pinging this address shows that it is up and active

the next phases is scanning: 
nmap -sV -n -p- 192.11.33.3
-sV = Service Version
-n = Never Do DNS Resoulition
-p- = Scan all ports 

the reuslts of the can came out with:
80/tcp OPEN Apache httpd 2.4.18 ((UBUNTU))
11211/tcp OPEN memcached Memcached 1.4.25 (UPTIME 556 Seconds; Ubuntu)

from understands currently there are no vulnerabilites in Apache 2.4.18 so this is out, so I will have to look at attack the 
Memcached service. 


checking website: 
The Website was a single page website that contained the words "You Are Not admin", the source code showed up nothing and no
robots.txt was available. the next option would be to throw a tool like DirBuster at the site to try and find Directories.
running Dir Buster with the Apache 2.0 wordlist didnt reveal anything of intrest other then some scripts hosted that were
of no use:


Attack The Memecahced Server:
while check the what memecahce is, I found it is a internal server running, trough the wiki page it turns out that it is commonly
easy to connect to and is usualy connected via telnet. I will use NETCAT to attemp a conneciton.
command = nc 192.11.33.3 11211 
this seemed to have connected to the server, but when asking the server for help I just get an error. so back to researching the wiki.
on the wiki I was able to find a API Command list on the wiki, from the list on the wiki I chose to run "stats".
and hey we are connected, the terminal dumps out stats of whats stored on the memcahce server. using the command
"stats items" dumps out a list of items on the server. looking around the wiki more we can find features that allow us to dump more info
liek the command "stats cacheddump 17 100" this dump a intresting lsit of information of the server.
the 17 is the ID of the itm and the 100 is the maxmium im telling it to dump

what it does dump is a list of data that states with session followed by a string for example session337451, this could be session data
that is stroed on the server, which from reading the wiki seems to be a common use of memecache servers. 

this will require more research
